- ♪ I hear you whispering... ♪
♪ But nobody's there ♪
[dramatic note]
♪ My eyes are still looking ♪
- [grunts]
- [gasps]
[tense music]
[keypad beeps]
- [grunting distantly]
♪ ♪
[grunts]
- I'm sorry.
- Thomas, don't do this.
♪ ♪
See you in hell.
- [breathing heavily]
♪ ♪
- Drop the gun.
- It's okay, Martha--
- Don't move.
- I was just turning around--
- Put the gun down first,
Thomas.
- I mean it.
Put it down, now.
- Jesus, Martha, relax.
- What the fuck are you doing?
- I had a bad dream.
- Okay.
Well, next time,
wake me up and let me know.
Because I nearly shot you,
Thomas.
It's a great marriage
we got going, huh?
- Yeah.
We have to find a way
past this.
It's been a month.
- Any ideas?
- Well...
you can stop acting
like you're scared of me.
- I'm not acting scared of you.
I am scared of you.
- Well, all I can do
is keep telling you
that I'm sorry
and that I will never,
ever, hurt you again.
It wasn't me who attacked you.
It wasn't me.
- I know.
But it was you that chose
your father over me.
At least that's how it feels.
- I didn't!
I made a mistake.
He's my father.
I trusted him.
And you lied to me.
- Oh, my God, here we go again.
- Yes, here we go again,
because it was those lies
that started this--
- No, enough, Thomas!
[dramatic music]
Need to go to sleep.
♪ ♪
- Martha, I'm sorry.
I...
- Yeah.
Me too.
Make sure you put
that gun away.
♪ ♪
[adventurous music]
- Where are you off to,
looking like that?
- What's wrong
with the way I look?
- Nothing,
you look nice, is all.
- Then just say that.
I'm meeting someone.
- Who?
- Do I ask who you're meeting
every time
you walk out the door?
- As a matter of fact,
you do, yeah.
- And you rarely tell me,
which is probably a blessing,
truth be told.
If you must know,
I'm meeting Roger,
and I don't want
to hear about it.
- That bloke who legged it
out of here last month?
- He did no such thing.
- Like a rabbit.
- Can you blame him if he did?
Most people aren't used
to your shenanigans.
- Well,
he just didn't seem to have
much of a constitution,
is all I'm saying.
And you have to admit, it's
pretty poor form he made you
wait so long
before ringing you again.
- He didn't ring me.
I rang him.
- You rang him?
- And why not?
Times are changing.
A woman can ring a man
without the world
coming to an end.
- I was only asking.
And you can see
who you like, obviously.
- Well, thank you very much.
By the way, while you
were having a nice long kip,
the Prime Minister's Office
called.
They want to see you
as soon as possible.
- Really?
He say what about?
- No, and I didn't ask.
- Why not?
- Because I'm not
you're bleedin' secretary.
- Mm.
- Is everything all right?
You're not mixed up
with anything, are you?
- Not that I know of.
Business has been
a bit slow as of late.
Would be nice if he was
calling about a job.
- Oh.
I'm sure it
will work itself out.
I'm off.
There's bread
for toast if you're hungry.
- Mum.
You look lovely.
- Thank you, Alfie.
- Hm.
[slow dramatic music]
♪ ♪
- Good afternoon, young lady.
What seems to be the problem?
- Oh, no problem.
- Hello, Mrs. G.
- Well, I'll be damned.
Mai Lin, thank you.
Come, come.
[shuts door]
Well, Bet Sykes.
How are you, my dear?
- Well enough.
You?
- Oh, I'm in fine fettle.
I rather thought
you'd be dead by now,
given the way
that you carry on.
- Never better, me.
- I heard
about the former Ravens
being murdered.
That was you, I suppose.
- Murdered? No.
Put down, I call it.
[snickers]
- Well, how on Earth
did you track them down?
Well, how did you track me
down, for that matter?
- A little something
I took from Miss Vixen.
- I see.
And this is her baby,
is it?
- Julie.
Sweet, isn't she?
- Yes, she is.
Oh, Bet. Really?
- Never you mind her.
We've business to discuss.
- I can't possibly see
what business
we might have at this point.
- John Salt, of course.
I need to know where he is.
- I'm afraid
I can't tell you that.
- Can't or won't?
- Won't, to be more precise.
I know where he is,
and I won't tell you.
- You'll tell us,
or I'll shoot you.
Don't think I won't.
- I do think you won't.
- How's that, then?
- You're not a monster, Bet.
You're just
a misguided young woman,
but not a monster.
Now, would you like
a cup of tea?
- Go on, then.
Proper tea, mind.
None of that Earl Grey rubbish.
- All right.
[dramatic percussion music]
♪ ♪
- Ah, Mr. Prime Minister.
- Alfred.
- Busy around here.
- The summit starts next week,
but Commonwealth leaders
have already begun to arrive,
so I'm quite pressed for time.
- Well, I've got
quite a busy schedule myself,
but I was glad you called.
Thought you might still be
cross with me
for breaking Thomas Wayne
out of the Tower.
Not that I'm saying I did.
Papers say
all sorts, don't they?
- I should have you arrested.
No doubt you'll be back
behind bars at some point,
but until then,
your services can be useful.
- Fair play.
What kind of services
did you have in mind?
- What do you know about
the island nation of Kalpoor?
- Not much.
Used to be a colony of ours,
didn't it?
- Yeah.
Well, after gaining
their independence
ten years ago,
their government has faced
intense opposition
from a radical separatist group
known as
the Kalpoor Freedom Party,
which controls
several districts
in the southern end
of the island.
They're led by
a woman named Zahra Khin,
who arrived
in London yesterday.
- She's here for the summit?
- Not officially, no.
Miss Khin is considered
a political dissident
and enemy combatant
of the recognized government
of Kalpoor,
which is why my office
cannot be involved
with what I need you to do.
- But all due respect,
Prime Minister,
I'm not in the business
of eliminating
political dissidents.
- Neither is
the British government.
Miss Khin is here
to speak with the president
of Kalpoor in hopes
a truce can be arranged.
I need somebody
outside official channels
to look after her
during her stay.
- Happy to help.
Foreign diplomats is extra,
of course.
- Of course.
- My father was
a man of the people.
And the people of Kalpoor have
been abandoned by a government
that claims independence
whilst allowing the yoke
of British colonialism
to remain around our necks
in order to line
their own pockets.
- I see we're off
to a passionate start.
- Prime Minister.
These talks
are a waste of time,
as I told you they would be.
Miss Khin's only goal
is to destabilize my country...
- It's not your country.
- And overthrow my government.
This meeting is over.
She's no different
than her father.
- Thank you, Mr. President.
Such a lovely compliment.
[diplomats murmuring]
- I thought we were here
to find
common ground, Miss Khin.
- Oh, one doesn't find
common ground
with a python, Prime Minister.
Only a lack of air.
- May I introduce
Mr. Alfred Pennyworth,
a private security consultant
I thought could act
as a guide
while you're in London.
- Pleased to meet you, madam.
- Do I look like
I'm here to see Big Ben
and Trafalgar Square?
- You should.
The fountains
and the bronze reliefs
were made from French cannon.
They're... quite beautiful.
- Prime Minister.
- While on British soil,
your safety
is my responsibility.
- Her safety is
my responsibility, sir.
And I don't need help from
a British security consultant
who is, no doubt,
reporting back to you.
- Mr. Win is right.
If you want
someone to spy on me,
you're gonna have
to try harder than that.
- Well I guess
that's that, then.
- Miss Khin's views
on the matter are irrelevant.
Follow her.
- Spy on her?
- Watch out for her.
The eyes of the world are on us
during the summit,
and I can't have any surprises.
Any questions?
- Protection is one price.
Spying's extra.
- Of course.
[uneasy music]
♪ ♪
[doorbell ringing]
- I'll get it.
- Thanks, Gladys.
[door creaks open]
- Oh, hello.
- Hello.
Guess who's back.
[slow jazz music]
- Ah, Patricia.
- Thomas.
- Hi.
- Hello, Martha.
When did you get into town?
- Just now,
I would have called,
but thought I'd surprise you.
- Yeah, uh.
It worked!
- How are you guys?
It feels
like it's been forever.
- We're good, yeah.
Thomas?
- Yeah.
Yes, we are.
We're good!
What are you doing here?
Uh--in London, I mean.
- I am in town for the new
Francis Fuchs art installation.
- Oh.
- Lovely.
- You have no idea
who Francis Fuchs is, do you?
Of course you don't.
You have busy lives
and a daughter to raise.
Where is my niece, anyhow?
I brought her a great present.
Her ears are pierced, right?
- Oh, no.
- Oh. Well,
I could pierce them for her.
- Oh, no, no, no.
- So, um...
where are you staying?
- Well, here, of course.
Where else?
- Hm.
- [chuckles]
- I have to admit,
I was somewhat surprised
you called me, Mary.
- Well, you didn't leave me
much choice.
I waited for a month,
and when you didn't ring,
I thought you must have been
scared off.
- I was a little worried.
I'm sorry.
- Don't be.
It's why I wanted
to talk to you today.
Try and explain things.
- I appreciate that.
While I'm sure
there's an explanation
for most of what I saw,
I just don't know
if I'm the kind of chap
you're looking for.
- Are you sure we don't have
that the wrong way around?
- Just think we might be
chalk and cheese.
- Maybe we are.
Maybe we aren't.
Life's short.
Why not find out?
Anyway, if you don't think
it's worth giving it a go,
no harm done, and I wish
you the best of luck.
- Wait.
Don't go.
Maybe you're right.
Maybe.
- Well,
be still my beating heart.
- I'd love to keep talking
with you, Mary.
If that's all right?
- Yeah.
[warm music]
♪ ♪
- Boy, pay attention.
- Sorry.
- Since when do you read books?
- Sally gave it to me.
It's about art.
- Good, is it?
- I couldn't tell you.
Can't understand much.
- So why you reading it, then?
- I'm thinking she's
gonna be asking questions.
- What, she gives you homework?
- Ha-ha.
[intriguing music]
♪ ♪
- Hang about.
[dramatic music]
- Get down!
Arjun!
Take cover!
Fuck!
It's all right.
Look at me.
- She's got guts.
- I'll grab her
and meet you back at the pub.
- Stay with me!
It's okay.
♪ ♪
- He's gone.
Well, come on, then.
Come on.
Let's go.
♪ ♪
- How long has it been
since you've had
a good night's sleep?
- Babies are right nuisances,
aren't they?
- Yes.
- Why won't you tell us
where Salt is?
- Because he's not worth
the trouble or the danger.
- That's my business.
What do you care?
- I care about you, Bet.
You saved my life,
and in a dispassionate,
Christian sort of way,
one might say I love you.
- Get out.
- I don't want to see you
get hurt.
- Well, that's very nice,
I'm sure, but I'll not stop
just because you've got
a soft spot for us.
I'll keep looking
for Salt no matter what.
You could save us a lot
of bother, though.
That's all.
- I'll tell you what.
I'll give you John Salt
if you give me Julie.
- What?
- Salt for Julie.
You cannot take her around,
killing people willy-nilly.
What sort
of upbringing is that?
I can give her a good
and safe home, and you?
Well, you can have
your vengeance.
Why not?
You said yourself
she's a right nuisance.
- She's a fucking nightmare,
but--
- But?
- No.
No, I won't give her up.
- Why not?
You know it makes sense.
- Because.
That's why, because.
- Because you love her.
And you can see
a future for yourself
as her mother,
more important than vengeance,
better than hatred
and bloodlust.
[soft twangy music]
- All right.
I admit it.
I love her.
But that's not
why I'm keeping her.
I won't give her up
because I'm stubborn,
and I won't let
the likes of you
tell me right from wrong.
You wouldn't know
the first thing
about hatred and bloodlust.
I know.
I know in here.
- Bet, my dear--
- I am what I am.
And I'll keep Julie,
and I'll keep spilling blood
until I find Salt and kill him.
And that's that.
Thanks for the tea.
- Wait.
Wait, wait, wait.
[pen clatters]
Here.
- What's this?
- A lesser of two evils.
- Eh?
- Salt's whereabouts.
- I can't make
head nor tail of it.
You call that writing?
- Here you are.
- You're all right, Mrs. G.
- Now, be very careful.
And let this be
the last one, please.
No more bloodshed.
- Promise.
- Hear that, Julie?
Job on.
- All right, come on.
This way.
Right.
How are you, then, okay?
- I'm fine.
It's not the first time
a government has tried
to kill me.
- How do you know it was them?
- It's neither mine nor yours,
not that it matters.
I need to go to my hotel.
- No, that's not a good idea.
Those men knew
where you were going to be.
Someone's giving them
your private schedule.
Now, come on.
- If you're not taking me
to my hotel,
where are you taking me?
- Well, there's
strong public support
for isolating the PWEs
from the general population
as a protective measure,
to ensure their safety,
and ours.
Well, let's get
some reaction from...
[door clatters open]
- A public house?
This is your safe place?
- Trust me.
This particular pub is one
of the safest places in London.
This way.
- Zahra Khin, Mr. Chadley,
one of my associates.
- A pleasure, madam.
- Call whoever you need.
Just don't tell anyone
you're here.
- Thank you.
Privacy, please.
- The PM's office
is ringing every ten minutes,
asking for you.
Who's the lady?
- Rebel leader, sort of thing.
In town for the summit.
[mysterious music]
- Take special care.
- Eh?
- Special care.
- What do you mean?
- She's trouble.
- Isn't she, though?
♪ ♪
- So...
how long do you think
you'll be staying with us?
- I don't know.
Why?
- No reason.
Just, um...
Well, with--what with work
and Samantha,
things can get
a little hectic around here.
- You don't want me
to stay with you?
- No.
It's not that
we don't want you to stay.
- Yeah.
We just--we just know
that you value your own space.
- What's going on?
Are you guys' fighting?
- No.
Why would you say that?
- Yeah, we're not fighting,
and even if we were,
it'd be none of your concern.
- Whatever.
Dad said you were
acting weird,
and he was right.
- Weird?
Dad said I was acting weird?
- Something like that.
You know I don't listen
very closely to him.
- Son of a bitch.
- Why?
Did he do something wrong?
What?
Did he not give you
enough hugs?
You've always been so sensitive
when it comes to that.
- Okay, drop it.
- Well, at least he made
the effort
flying over here to see you.
He barely acknowledges
that I'm alive.
- You want
to know what happened?
What he did?
I'll tell--
- Thomas.
- He gave me an experimental
mind control drug
that he developed with the CIA
so that I would kill Martha
in order to save his skin.
- Whoa!
Okay, that's not cool.
- So please
don't mention him again.
- You don't have to be
so melodramatic.
- He tried to make me
kill my own wife!
- But you didn't, did you?
She's sitting right there.
All's well
that ends well, right?
- I guess she has a point.
- So you're a real doctor
now, huh?
I'm so proud of you.
You can write prescriptions?
Huh?
- [sighs]
- Seriously, can you?
- The prime minister wants me
to escort you to Whitehall
to discuss your
official protection detail.
- Does he now?
- He does.
For your safety.
- This isn't about my safety.
It's about bad press during
his precious little summit.
- That don't change the fact
your life's in danger.
- My life has been
in danger since the day
I took over from my father.
He gave
his life for his country.
I'm willing to do the same.
- Yeah, but willing and eager
are two different things.
Anyway, come on.
We should go.
- I'm not going
to Whitehall
until I find out
who the traitor is.
- Well, how are you
planning on doing that?
- Simple enough.
I told my people where I am.
- I told you not to do that.
- I know.
That's what gave me the idea.
If there is a traitor,
they'll want to finish the job.
- Yeah.
- So I've given them
a chance to do that.
We have the advantage.
We know they're coming.
- We?
- My head of security
will be here any minute.
- Smashing.
- Is Plumstead nice?
- Our flat is...
Sorry, my flat is
near the common.
Good birdwatching.
I still say
"our" and "we" a lot.
I'm trying
to get better at that.
- My Arthur's been gone
for five years,
and I still find myself talking
to his photograph.
I could barely get a word in
when we were married.
Silver lining, I suppose.
- When my wife ran off,
I told myself
it was no one's fault,
that we just weren't right
for each other.
But the truth is,
she wanted more out of life,
and for some reason, I didn't.
But you know what?
Now I do.
I want more, Mary.
Would you give me
another chance?
- I'm not sure you're up
for an interesting life.
- Try me.
I'll show you.
- How's your dancing?
[methodical waltz music]
♪ ♪
[laughs]
[suspenseful music]
♪ ♪
- Where's Zahra Khin?!
Bring her out,
or we start shooting!
- All this fuss
and only two of you?
- I'm not fucking about!
- I'm afraid you are.
- Drop your guns and take off
those fucking masks.
♪ ♪
- Hey, Alfie.
- Fuck's sake. Gary.
You know this is my pub?
- Sorry, Alfie.
It's just a job.
You know it goes.
- Yeah.
How's your mum?
- Not bad.
Her arthritis
has been acting up.
You gonna kill us?
- Nah.
We'll have a pint,
see what you can tell us.
- No.
These men need to die.
- Easy, mate, lower your gun.
- I don't take orders from you.
- All right, Miss Khin,
please tell your man
to lower his weapon.
- My driver's dead
because of them.
He had children, a family.
- Yeah, look,
I understand, but this is
my bar, so I make the rules.
- So they just
get away with it?
- No.
But they might be able
to tell us
who betrayed you.
- I already know.
I knew the minute
they showed up.
I am so disappointed
in you, Win.
- What?
No!
These people
have been filling
your head with lies.
I will kill them all
where they stand.
- Stop!
You were the only person
I gave this location to.
I didn't want to believe it.
But somehow I just knew.
Why did you do this?
How could you betray
what we believed in?
What my father believed in?
Answer me!
- Because I can't feed
my family with belief.
It has been ten years,
and nothing has changed.
They deserve more from me.
- So did I.
Who put you up to this?
- [inhales]
[pounding on door]
- I said I was not
to be disturbed!
[dramatic music]
- [grunting]
♪ ♪
- Oh, my God.
You were a prisoner
in the Tower of London?
That's crazy.
- Yes, it is.
- Okay.
I guess Dad is, like,
totally beyond not cool.
No wonder you're mad at him.
So what are you gonna do?
- What can I do?
- I don't know.
You're asking my advice?
You're the smart one.
- Right.
- That's me.
I've allowed this thing
to tear my family apart.
What kind of a man
lets his own father do this
without any consequences?
- You, apparently.
- Rhetorical question, Pat,
but thanks.
- I'm here for you, brother.
- I don't know what to do, Pat.
I don't know.
[car honks]
- Oh, well.
There's my ride.
I'm sure you'll figure it out.
You always do.
[door closes]
[moody music]
♪ ♪
- I thought you said
this was a new art exhibit.
- It is.
- Where the fuck's the art?
- Here he is.
[experimental music]
- My friends.
We live
in the moment of history
in which the commodity of art
threatens to complete
its colonization
of social life,
in which we have gone
from being
into having, and having
into merely appearing,
until we become
the commodity itself.
Which is why,
I tonight--I give you not art,
not simulation,
not a representation
of reality,
but reality itself.
[groaning]
And wet.
[crowd gasps]
[soft tense music]
♪ ♪
- Wait here.
Clear.
I've posted men on the corners
and the entrances.
You keep these closed.
I'll be in the lobby
if you need anything.
- I'm sure I'll be fine.
No reason for you to spend
all night in the lobby.
- Just a precaution.
No plans, anyhow.
- I'm gonna drink now.
Perhaps you care to join?
- Thank you, miss.
Rules are simple.
Every card in the deck
has a pair, except for one,
the dirty queen,
which is cursed.
- [snickers]
I know how she feels.
- We take her out
of the deck and then deal
the rest of the cards.
Then discard any pairs
you have, and the cards
you have left is your hand.
- Okay.
And then?
- Then we start drawing
from each other's hands,
and whoever's left
with the dirty queen loses.
- I think I can follow that.
Thanks for sticking around.
- Want to make sure
there's no blowback
from the care package
we dropped off
at your president's hotel.
- Yeah.
- I know that kind
of betrayal is tough,
but you shouldn't let it
get to you.
- Shouldn't I?
- Everyone has a price.
It's the way of the world.
- [scoffs]
I don't have a price.
My father didn't have a price.
Just because men
like Win and you do
doesn't make it right.
- I charge for my services,
but my honor isn't for sale.
For rent, maybe,
but not for sale.
- You said
everyone's got a price.
Maybe no one's found yours yet.
- Possibly.
It's over a million quid,
anyhow.
- Oh yeah?
How's that?
- Someone offered me
a million quid
to do something naughty,
and I walked away.
- You walked away
from a million pounds?
- Yeah.
Can we change the subject?
- What did they want you to do?
- Break someone out of prison,
which I did,
and put them on a plane,
which I didn't.
- Why not?
- They didn't want to go.
- That's it?
- Most decisions
aren't complicated.
Just comes down
to what you can live with.
Who you want to see
when you look in the mirror.
- And what do you see?
[soft dramatic music]
♪ ♪
- An idiot who walked away
from a million quid.
♪ ♪
- What did you think
of the show?
- I think I'm covered
in paint.
- I'm serious.
- So am I.
This was an expensive jacket.
Fuck.
Wanted to chin the man.
- You don't understand
social commentary.
- Obviously, I don't, no.
- I care about this stuff,
Dave Boy.
I want you
to care about it as well.
- Well, I'm here, aren't I?
I'm trying.
- What if there was
something you could take
to expand your mind,
get in touch
with your inner artist?
- I've seen
all the hippies
dancing about on LSD.
I don't think that's for me.
- This is something new.
Francis told me about it.
It connects people
in a profound
and spiritual level,
like sharing a dream.
- Last dream I had,
I was naked as a baby,
driving a double-decker bus
'round and 'round
Trafalgar Square.
- What do you say?
You wanna share
a dream with me tonight?
- Fuck it.
Why not?
Cheers.
- [gasps] Good Lord.
- Forgive me, Doctor.
I couldn't resist.
You looked
so delightfully nervous.
- Mr. Fuchs, I would never
have agreed to help you
if I'd known it was
your intention
to use Lullaby
in this manner.
- And what manner is that?
- Lullaby was designed
as a mind control drug,
to strip away
an individual's defenses
and provide a blank canvas,
but we have to then give
a structure,
a blueprint.
- Or what?
- That's just it.
Who knows
what a completely unfettered
psyche
might dream up on its own?
Could be anything.
- Yes, and isn't
that wonderful?
- But--
- You see a blank canvas,
Doctor,
and think anarchy.
I see one and think freedom.
- How many did you give it to?
- Just a small dose
to a few special souls.
Don't worry.
This is only the beginning.
- The beginning of what?
And why the mask?
What are you planning?
- You'll see, Doctor.
All in good time.
You'll see.
[eerie music]
♪ ♪
- Do you sleep
with all your female clients?
- Well, word of mouth
plays a big part
in attracting new clients,
so I like to do what I can.
- Oh.
Risky move.
Could backfire.
- Well, I never thought
of that.
- [exhales]
- Sorry about your driver.
You did everything you could.
- There was nothing to do.
The bullet must have hit
his carotid artery
for rapid blood loss like that.
- You sound like a doctor.
- I almost was one.
I was in medical school when
my father was assassinated.
Felt like my whole world ended
in that single moment.
But I had to keep
his work going
for the people of Kalpoor.
For him.
For me.
What about you?
- Me?
I live with me mum.
My dad passed away
five years ago.
- Sorry.
- You two would have gotten
along well, I imagine.
- Why's that?
- Shared interest.
He tried to blow up
the queen and overthrow
the government, for starters.
- I remember reading
about an attack
on the queen
before the civil war.
That was your father?
- He was a man
of his convictions,
I'll give him that.
I actually had to shoot him
to try and stop it.
- You shot your own dad?
- I couldn't let
all those people die.
- Is there
anyone you can trust?
- I'd trust my best mate
with me life.
You?
- I haven't trusted anyone
since my Dad died.
But I think
I can trust you, Alfie.
I didn't come here
for the summit.
- Well, what did
you come here for then?
- To meet someone.
A man who says
my father's still alive.
- But you said
he was assassinated.
- Because
that's what I was told.
But we never recovered a body,
which means
there is
a chance that he's alive.
- Well, there's a better chance
it's a shakedown--
or worse, a setup.
- Yeah, I know.
But it's my father
we're talking about.
- Well,
what do they say happened?
- That ten years ago,
he was kidnapped in Morocco.
He was then taken overseas
and has been locked up
in a secret location
ever since.
And this man?
He knows where.
[intense music]
♪ ♪
- [groaning]
- Jesus.
- Oh, no, no, no, no, no.
That's twice.
Dave Boy?
You look like hell, mate.
I'm pleased you're here,
as it goes.
I need to talk
to you about somebody.
- Sure, sure.
[soft chiming music]
♪ ♪
- You don't look so good.
Are you sure you're okay?
- Oh, yeah.
I don't really feel myself.
But I'll be all right.
What's... What's going on?
- Do you remember a mission
we pulled about ten years ago?
Kidnapped a political dissident
in Morocco?
- Uh.
Not really, no, why?
- I think the guy we grabbed
was Zahra's father.
- Aye? That's...
That's not good.
- No.
Not good.
[soft jazz music]
♪ ♪
- [sniffs]
[soft music]
♪ ♪
- Thomas?
[intriguing music]
♪ ♪
[footsteps]
- Mr. Wayne?
- Morning.
- May I stow your bag?
- I'll keep it with me, thanks.
- Of course, sir.
We'll be landing in Gotham
at 8:00 a.m. local time.
Welcome aboard.
[dramatic music]
♪ ♪
- How about
a smile for Mr. Bear?
You know he's your favorite.
Come on.
Well, well.
And there he is.
Mr. John Salt.
You hold Mr. Bear.
Mommy's got work to do.
[stroller squeaks]
♪ ♪
- Bet Sykes.
I thought that was you.
- John Salt.
I've been looking
for you for a long time.
- And now you found me.
May I ask how?
- Ask away.
Fat lot of good it'll do you.
- Well, I suppose
you found me
through one of those Ravens
you tortured and killed.
That was you, was it?
- Guilty.
Any last words?
Not that there's
anyone around to hear them,
or that I give a bloody damn.
Hmm.
This is for Lord Harwood.
A finer gentleman never lived.
You weren't fit
to lick his boots.
- Lord Harwood was
a weak-minded old fool
who got what he deserved.
- Right, you've had your say.
- You should know
I'm not the man I was.
- Hmm, reformed are ya?
- You could call it that.
Remade, redeemed. Remodeled.
- Bullocks.
[gun fires]
Good riddance to bad rubbish.
[baby cries]
Did the loud noise scare you?
The bad man's gone now.
There, there.
[dramatic music]
♪ ♪
- Bloody hell.
- I did warn you.
I'm not the man I was.
♪ ♪
[adventurous music]